---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "statuspal_metrics Data Source - statuspal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the list of metrics in the status page.
---

# statuspal_metrics (Data Source)

Fetches the list of metrics in the status page.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all metrics of the status page with subdomain "example-com".
data "statuspal_metrics" "example" {
  status_page_subdomain = "example-com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `status_page_subdomain` (String) The status page subdomain of the services.

### Optional

- `query` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder identifier attribute. Ignore it, only used in testing.
- `metrics` (Attributes List) The metrics (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metrics))

<a id="nestedblock--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query`

Optional:

- `after` (String) Used as a cursor for pagination
- `before` (String) Used as a cursor for pagination
- `limit` (Number) Set the number of metrics to return in the response. This defaults to 20 items


<a id="nestedatt--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the metric.

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A flag indicating if the metric is enabled.
- `featured_number` (String) A featured number for the metric.
- `integration_id` (Number) The integration ID related to the metric.
- `latest_entry_time` (Number) The timestamp for the latest entry of the metric.
- `order` (Number) The order of the metric in the system.
- `remote_id` (String) The remote ID for the metric.
- `remote_name` (String) The remote name for the metric.
- `status` (String) The status of the metric.
- `threshold` (Number) The threshold value for the metric.
- `title` (String) The title of the metric.
- `type` (String) The type of the metric.
- `unit` (String) The unit of measurement for the metric.
- `visible` (Boolean) A flag indicating if the metric is visible.
