---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "statuspal_service Resource - statuspal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a service of the status page.
---

# statuspal_service (Resource)

Manages a service of the status page.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example service of the status page with subdomain "example-com".
resource "statuspal_service" "example" {
  status_page_subdomain = "example-com"
  service = {
    name = "Example Terraform Service"
  }
}

# Manage example child service of the previously defined example service.
resource "statuspal_service" "child" {
  status_page_subdomain = statuspal_service.example.status_page_subdomain
  service = {
    name      = "Example Terraform Child Service"
    parent_id = statuspal_service.example.service.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `service` (Attributes) The service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `status_page_subdomain` (String) The status page's subdomain where the service belong.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder identifier attribute. Ignore it, only used in testing.

<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the service.

Optional:

- `auto_incident` (Boolean) Create an incident automatically when this service is down and close it if/when it comes back up.
- `auto_notify` (Boolean) Automatically notify all your subscribers about automatically created and closed incidents.
- `description` (String) The description of the service.
- `display_response_time_chart` (Boolean) Display response time chart?
- `display_uptime_graph` (Boolean) Display uptime graph?
- `monitoring` (String) Enum: `null` `""` `"internal"` `"3rd_party"` `"webhook"`
  Monitoring types:
  - `null` or `""` - No monitoring.
  - `internal` - StatusPal monitoring.
  - `3rd_party` - 3rd Party monitoring.
  - `webhook` - Incoming webhook monitoring.
- `order` (Number) Service's position in the service list.
- `parent_id` (String) The service parent ID.
- `pause_monitoring_during_maintenances` (Boolean) Pause the the service monitoring during maintenances?
- `ping_url` (String) We will send HTTP requests to this URL for monitoring every minute.
- `private` (Boolean) Private service?
- `private_description` (String) The private description of the service.
- `translations` (Attributes Map) A translations object. For example:
  ```terraform
	{
		en = {
			name = "Your service"
			description = "This is your service's description..."
		}
		fr = {
			name = "Votre service"
			description = "Voici la description de votre service..."
		}
	}
  ```
→ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service--translations))
- `webhook_custom_jsonpath_settings` (Attributes) The webhook monitoring service custom JSONPath settings.
  **Configure this field only if the `webhook_monitoring_service` is set to `custom-jsonpath`.**
→ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service--webhook_custom_jsonpath_settings))
- `webhook_monitoring_service` (String) Enum: `"status-cake"` `"uptime-robot"` `"custom-jsonpath"`
  **Configure this field only if the `monitoring` is set to `webhook`.**
  Webhook Monitoring types:
  - `status-cake` - StatusCake monitoring service.
  - `uptime-robot` - UptimeRobot monitoring service.
  - `3rd_party` - Custom JSONPath.

Read-Only:

- `children_ids` (List of Number) IDs of the service's children.
- `current_incident_type` (String) Enum: `"minor"` `"major"` `"scheduled"`
  The service's current incident type.
  The type of the (current) incident:
  - `minor` - A minor incident is currently taking place.
  - `major` - A major incident is currently taking place.
  - `scheduled` - A scheduled maintenance is currently taking place.
- `id` (String) The ID of the service.
- `inbound_email_address` (String) This is field is populated from `inbound_email_id`, if the `monitoring` is set to `3rd_party`.
- `inbound_email_id` (String) The inbound email ID.
- `incident_type` (String) Enum: `"minor"` `"major"`
  Sets the incident type to this value when an incident is created via monitoring.
  The type of the (current) incident:
  - `minor` - A minor incident is currently taking place.
  - `major` - A major incident is currently taking place.
- `incoming_webhook_url` (String) This is field is populated from `inbound_email_id`, if the `monitoring` is set to `webhook` and the `webhook_monitoring_service` is set.
- `inserted_at` (String) Datetime at which the service was inserted.
- `is_up` (Boolean) Is the monitored service up?
- `parent_incident_type` (String) Enum: `"minor"` `"major"`
  Sets the parent's service incident type to this value when an incident is created via monitoring.
  The type of the (current) incident:
  - `minor` - A minor incident is currently taking place.
  - `major` - A major incident is currently taking place.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime at which the service was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--service--translations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service.translations`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description of the service.
- `name` (String) The name of the service.


<a id="nestedatt--service--webhook_custom_jsonpath_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service.webhook_custom_jsonpath_settings`

Required:

- `expected_result` (String) The expected result in the JSON, e.g. `"up"`
- `jsonpath` (String) The path in the JSON, e.g. `$.status`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Service can be imported by specifying the status page subdomain and service ID.
terraform import statuspal_service.example "example-com 1"
```
